hello today we will do with
by you for
to make paper need glue and
break and we still need this
here is the cap here is a box and you need
will be in order
to put in a box
According to the symbol we take the box and scissors
you weigh and
it will be important that first
shallows and then stick to exactly here
here on this
and now look at this one I survived
Now I will stick this one
so that glue you
so here I am and stick on this side
now i will cut another one the same part
only on this side and then
I'll put it right here so I stuck it
the second part is also glue pva
now we need this book blood we have it
shut down now we have here with these
parties
you see exactly on the line to
there was such a part
bottom but to the end so that it can be important
so that there will be more then there I will put there
bedroom so here you need to do so and
also the second
but it’s better to cut these parts off
we got this bed
such a lovely channel 2.
but now we will have to decorate it
Choose your style and edge of something here
can to which me will lie there and and
this is of course German hands
she got lost method of science got lost
or escape pillow itself
Here is such a me eye can themselves
man im a joystick or red for example
Here is such I will bring some water that's my
penny i will choose
just such a brush should
Fits and you can choose a card and
need to do neatly here I
I painted the first side and your words
pens here they turned out two countries
now we have to wait to
froze on and find the fabric first then later
need to take scissors we take scissors and
starting to cut
scissors myself i think this
these here I cut out now here and him and
like this we put and then you figure it out
yourself
what are the patterns and some pads and
blanket goodbye to you was Angelina